Before heading to the kitchen through the garden please stop by the office and look for a laptop.
Can you check the bedroom for a teddy-bear? After that please find a banana in the kitchen.
I need you to find a bottle in the garage. Then head to the dining room and look for a bowl.
I need you to find a bottle in the garage. But before that head to the dining room and look for a bowl.
In the living room please search for a cup. Once you've looke for it see if there's an apple in the kitchen.
Before anything else can you locate a person in the workshop? After that find a cat in the bedroom.
Check the garden for a dog first. Then see if there's a refrigerator in the garage.
Try to locate a banana in the kitchen. After that find a bottle in the dining room.
Before searching for a laptop in the office can you find a teddy-bear in the bedroom?
First try to locate a bowl in the kitchen. Then see if there's a cat in the living room.
Can you locate a cup in the dining room? Afterwards try to find a dog in the garden.
Before anything else check the living room for a bottle. After that search for a laptop in the office.
Can you find a banana in the kitchen? Then locate a teddy-bear in the bedroom.
First look for an apple in the dining room. Then find a cup in the living room.
Check the garage for a refrigerator. Before that see if there's a bowl in the kitchen.
Locate a cat in the bedroom. Then search for a laptop in the office.
Before heading to the kitchen find a bottle in the living room. After that go to the garden.
Can you find a teddy-bear in the bedroom? Then locate a cup in the dining room.
First search for a laptop in the office. Then look for a banana in the kitchen.
Check the workshop for a person. Before that see if there's a bottle in the living room.
Locate a refrigerator in the garage. Then find a cat in the bedroom.
Before anything else search for an apple in the dining room. After that look for a cup in the living room.
Can you find a banana in the kitchen? But before locate a laptop in the office.
First look for a bottle in the living room. Then find a teddy-bear in the bedroom.
Check the garage for a refrigerator. Before that see if there's a bowl in the kitchen.
Locate a cat in the bedroom. Then search for a laptop in the office.
Before heading to the kitchen look for a bottle. After that search for a dog in the garden.
Can you find a teddy-bear in the bedroom? But before that locate a cup in the dining room.
First search for a laptop in the office. Then look for a banana in the kitchen.
Check the workshop for a person. Before that see if there's a bottle in the living room.
Locate a refrigerator in the garage. But before find a cat in the bedroom.
Before anything else search for an apple in the dining room. After that look for a cup in the living room.
Please try to find a banana in the kitchen after locating a laptop in the office.
First look for a bottle in the living room. Then find a teddy-bear in the bedroom.
Check the garage for a refrigerator. After that see if there's a bowl in the kitchen.
Locate a cat in the bedroom. Then search for a laptop in the office.
Before heading to the kitchen find a bottle in the living room. After that search for a dog.
Can you find a teddy-bear in the bedroom? Before doing that I need you to locate a cup in the dining room.
First search for a laptop in the office. Then look for a banana in the kitchen.
Check the workshop for a person. After that see if there's a bottle in the living room.
Locate a dog in the garage. Then find a cat in the bedroom.
Before anything else search for an apple in the dining room. After that look for a cup in the living room.
Can you find a bottle in the kitchen? Then locate a laptop in the office.
First look for a bottle in the living room. Then find a teddy-bear in the bedroom.
Check the garage for a refrigerator. After that see if there's a banana in the kitchen.
Locate a cat in the bedroom. Then search for a laptop in the office.
Find a bottle in the living room. But before that search for a dog in the garden.
Can you find a teddy-bear in the bedroom? Then locate a bottle in the dining room.
First search for a laptop in the office. Then look for a banana in the kitchen.
Check the workshop for a person. After that see if there's a person in the living room.
Look for a refrigerator and a person. Then find a cat in the bedroom.
Before anything else search for an apple in the dining room. After that look for a cup in the living room.
Can you find a banana in the kitchen? Then locate a laptop in the office.
First look for a bottle in the living room. Then find a teddy-bear in the bedroom.
Before checking the garage for a refrigerator see if there's a bowl in the kitchen.
Locate a cat in the bedroom. Then search for a laptop in the office.
Before heading to the kitchen look for a bottle. After that search for a dog in the garden.
Can you find a teddy-bear in the bedroom after looking for a cup in the dining room?
First search for a laptop in the office. Then look for a banana in the kitchen.
Go to the workshop and afterwards the garden. But before that see if there's a bottle in the living room.
Locate a fruit maybe a banana in the garage. Then find a cat in the bedroom.
Search for a bottle in the garage. Then head to the workshop and try to find a person.
Search for a bottle after visiting the garage. Then head to the workshop and try to find a cup.
Locate a person in the kitchen after exploring the living room and looking for a cat.
Go to the dining room and try to find a bowl. Then Search for a laptop once you've reached the office.
Look for a teddy bear after going to the bedroom. While there then also look for an apple and a banana.
Find a refrigerator in the kitchen. Lastly head to the living room after trying to locate an apple.
Search for a cup in the dining room. Then go to the garage and afterwards the office.
Look for a banana in the kitchen and in the dining room. 
Try to find a person first in the garage and afterwards in the office. 
Find a bottle after going to the garage. Then look for a cat in the bedroom.
Go to the garden and try to find a banana. Before that however I need you to look for a person in the workshop.
Search for a laptop once you've reached the office. Then go back to home. On your way go to the office as well. 
Find a cup while exploring the kitchen. Then head to the living room and try to locate a bowl.
Look for a dog a cat and a person once you've reached the garden.
Look for a bottle a cup and a bowl after going to the kitchen. 
Find a refrigerator once you've reached the kitchen. Before that go to the workshop and see if I left a cup there. 
Go to the dining room trying to locate a bottle. Before check if the bottle might be in the office. 
Search for a cat once you've reached the bedroom. Then also look for a dog and a person. 
Look for an apple in the living room. On your way there stop by the kitchen and the workshop.
Look for a cup a bottle and a bowl. But before doing so make sure to go to the kitchen that's where all items should be. 
Search for a laptop once you've reached the office. Then look for a teddy bear in the bedroom.
Find a refrigerator once you've reached the kitchen. Before that go to the living room after trying to locate a person.
Search for a banana once you've reached the garden. Also look for a bottle in the garage.
Look for a cat and a bowl and a bottle after you went to the kitchen. 
Head to the workshop and try to locate a cup after you stopped by the garden and the garage. 
Search for a laptop once you've reached the office. Afterwards also look for a bowl and a bottle. 
Find a cup in the kitchen. Then go to the dining room after trying to locate a bowl.
Look for a dog and a cat once you've reached the garden. Then head to the kitchen.
Search for a teddy bear in the bedroom. Then find a refrigerator in the kitchen.
Head to the living room to try to locate an apple. Before that go to the kitchen and look for a banana. 
Look for a cat in the bedroom and find a dog in the garden.
Find a cup once you've reached the kitchen. Also look for a bottle and a banana.
Go to the dining room to try to locate a bowl. Before that go to the garage and the garden. 
Search for a laptop once you've reached the office. Then look for a teddy bear in the bedroom.
Go to the living room after trying to find a cup and a bottle in the kitchen.
Search for a person in the garden after exploring the dining room and looking for a bottle there.
Search for a teddy bear in the bedroom. There also might be a laptop and a person there so also look for those. 
Head to the garage after trying to find a bottle and a bananan in the kitchen.
Look for a banana once you've reached the garden. Also look for an apple and a bottle.
