Search for a teddy bear once you've reached the garden.
Find a laptop after you've been to the office.
Head to the bedroom after locating a cup.
Go to the bedroom after finding a dog.
Locate a cup after you've been to the bedroom.
Search for a bowl once you've been to the dining room.
Find a refrigerator after you've reached the kitchen.
Look for a teddy bear after you've reached the garden.
Locate a laptop after you've been to the office.
Find a cup after you've been to the bedroom.
Look for a bowl after you've been to the dining room.
Locate a refrigerator after you've been to the kitchen.
Find the refrigerator after searching for a bottle.
Find a teddy bear after heading to the garage.
Head to the garden after finding a dog.
Locate a person after entering the dining room.
Find a banana after going to the workshop.
Go to the office after finding the laptop.
Search for a bowl after finding a cat.
Find a cup after going to the kitchen.
Make sure that before you find a person you enter the living room.
Head to the bedroom after finding a person.
Search for a bottle after finding the refrigerator.
Go to the garden after finding a dog.
Search for an apple after finding a bowl.
Locate the laptop after navigating to the office.
Search for an apple after finding a bowl.
Find a cup after moving to the kitchen.
Go to the garden after finding a dog.
Search for a bottle after finding the refrigerator.
Search for a bottle once you've located the refrigerator.
Proceed to the office after looking for the laptop.
Look for a bowl once you've found a cat.
Head to the kitchen after trying to find a cup.
Before you look for a person go to the living room.
Proceed to the bedroom after looking for a person
Find a bottle after you've found the refrigerator.
Finding a dog after you make your way to the garden.
Search for an apple once you've found a bowl.
Go to the office once you've located the laptop.
Find a cup after you've been to the kitchen.
Search for a bowl once you've been to the dining room.
Go to the workshop after finding a banana.
Look for a person after entering the living room.
Head to the bedroom after trying to find a cup.
Locate a bottle after you've been to the garage.
Find a laptop after heading towards the office.
Search for a banana once you've located the workshop.
Find a banana after exploring the kitchen.
Look for a dog once you've reached the garden.
Go to the living room after trying to locate a cup.
Search for a person after exploring the dining room.
Find a laptop once you've reached the office.
Look for a teddy bear after visiting the bedroom.
Search for a refrigerator once you've reached the kitchen.
Head to the workshop after trying to locate an apple.
Look for a person once you've reached the living room.
Search for a cup after exploring the kitchen.
Find a bottle once you've reached the garage.
Go to the dining room after trying to locate a bowl.
Search for a laptop after exploring the office.
Head to the bedroom after trying to look for a teddy bear.
Find a refrigerator once you've reached the kitchen.
Search for an apple after exploring the workshop.
Go to the living room after trying to find a person.
Search for a bottle once you've reached the garage.
Head to the dining room after trying to locate a bowl.
Find a laptop once you've reached the office.
Go to the living room after lookng for a person.
Look for a cup after exploring to the kitchen.
Can you please look for a cup once you have navigated to the kitchen?
Can you try to check if there is a bottle around once you've reached the office?
Go to the dining room once you have tried to locate a bowl.
Search for a banana after going to the office.
Look for a teddy bear after you headed to the bedroom.
Find a refrigerator once you've reached the kitchen.
Search for an apple after going to the kitchen.
Go to the living room after going to the kitchen.
Look for a cup after you have looked for a bottle. 
Can you find a banana in the kitchen for me? 
Please head to the kitchen after you go to the office. 
Can you look for a banana but first look for an apple please that is more important. 
I would appreciate it if you could look for a laptop in the office.
Before heading to the kitchen please stop by the office.
Can you check for a teddy-bear in the bedroom? 
If you are not busy at the moment please try to find a banana in the kitchen.
I need you to find a bottle in the garage. 
Go and look for a bowl I believe it is in the dining room.
Please search for a cup In the living room. 
Once you've time see if there's an apple in the kitchen.
Before anything else can you locate a person in the workshop? 
Find a cat in the bedroom.
Check if there is a dog in the garden. 
See if there's a refrigerator in the garage.
Locate a banana in the kitchen. 
Find a bottle in the dining room.
Start searching for a laptop in the office.
Can you find a teddy-bear in the bedroom?
First find a bowl in the kitchen. 
Go and see if there's a cat in the living room.