Look in all rooms for a banana until you find one. 
Try to find my laptop. It is either in the kitchen office or living room. 
If you are home please look for a person a cat and a dog. 
In case you currently are in the workshop please look for a banana an apple and a bottle. 
If you are in the bedroom please check for a teddy bear and a cup. Otherwise if you are in the dining room look for a bowl and a bottle.
Should you find yourself in the garden try to locate a dog and a cat. 
If you are in the garage please search for a banana and an apple.
When you are in the kitchen see if you can find a refrigerator and a laptop. 
If you're in the living room look for a person and a teddy bear.
If it turns out you are at home search each room for a cup and a bowl. 
If you are in the office look for a laptop and a bottle.
In case you are in the workshop try to locate a bottle and a refrigerator. 
If you're in the garage search for an apple and a banana.
If you are in the dining room look for a cat and for a cup. 
If you're in the bedroom search for a teddy bear and a dog.
If you happen to be in the office check on and around your desk for an apple and a laptop. 
If you are in the garden please look for a dog and a bottle.
Check all rooms for an apple until you find one. 
Try to find my cup; it is either in the kitchen bedroom or living room.
If you are in the garage please look for a banana and a teddy bear. 
When at home search for a person and a dog.
Locate the refrigerator which might be in the dining room office or kitchen.
If you're currently in the office please look for a banana and an apple. 
In case you're in the living room search for a laptop and a cup.
Explore each room for a cat until you encounter one. 
Determine whether my bowl is in the kitchen bedroom or dining room.
If you find yourself at home please look for a refrigerator and a teddy bear. 
If you are in the workshop search for a banana and a person.
Continue searching the workshop for a laptop until you locate it. 
Check whether the dog is either in the garden garage or kitchen.
If you're in the living room look for an apple and a bowl.
If in the iffice check for a teddy bear and a cup.
Search each room for a bottle until you find it. 
Try to find my dog; it could be in the garden workshop or garage.
When you're in the dining room please search for a cat and a refrigerator. 
If you are in the bedroom look for a laptop and a teddy bear.
If you happen to be in the kitchen look for a banana and a bowl. 
If you find yourself in the garage search for a person and a bottle.
Look throughout the house for a teddy bear until you locate one. 
See if the cup is in the office dining room or living room.
If you are home check for a bowl and a refrigerator. 
Should you be in the garden search for a teddy bear and a cat.
Check if the laptop is either in the kitchen living room or office.
In the event you are in the office look for a bottle and a refrigerator.
If in the garage seek a banana and a dog.
If you find yourself in the garden try to locate a person and an apple. 
If you are in the dining room look for a dog and a cup.
Search each room for a person until you spot one. 
Determine whether my refrigerator is in the kitchen bedroom or workshop.
Look in all rooms for a cup until you find one. 
