Search for a teddy bear if you're in the garden.
Find a laptop if you're in the office.
Head to the bedroom if you can see a cup.
Go to the bedroom and if you reach it look for a dog.
Locate a cup if you successfully can navigate to the bedroom.
Search for a bowl if you are in the dining room.
Find a refrigerator if you are in kitchen.
Look for a teddy bear if you are in the garden.
Locate a laptop. If you find it go to the office.
Find a cup if you are in the bedroom.
Look for a bowl if you are in the dining room.
If you can find a refrigerator go to the kitchen after.
Find the refrigerator if you can see a bottle.
Find a teddy bear if in the garage.
Head to the garden if you can see a dog.
Locate a person. If you see it go to the dining room.
Find a banana if you are in the workshop.
Go to the office if you are able to locate a laptop.
Search for a bowl if you can see a cat.
If you can see a cup go to the kitchen after.
Make sure you find a person if you are in the living room.
Head to the bedroom if you can find a person.
Search for a bottle if you can see the refrigerator.
Go to the garden if you can see a dog.
Search for an apple. If you ee it look for a bowl.
Locate the laptop if you can go to the office successfully.
Search for an apple if you can find a bowl.
Find a cup. If it is not here go to the kitchen. 
Go to the garden. If you arrive look for a dog.
Search for a bottle after if you cannot find the refrigerator.
Search for a bottle if you successfully can locat the refrigerator.
Proceed to the office. If arriving look for the laptop.
Look for a bowl. In case it is not there look for a cat.
Head to the kitchen if you can see a cup.
Ensure you find a person. If you do go to the living room.
Proceed to the bedroom if you cannot find a person.
Find a bottle. If it is there look for the refrigerator.
Try to find a dog if you are in the garden.
Search for an apple if you found a bowl.
Go to the office if you can locate the laptop.
Find a cup if you are in the kitchen.
Search for a bowl if you are in the dining room.
Go to the workshop if you find a banana.
Look for a person. Only enter the living room if you find the person.
Head to the bedroom if you can find a cup.
Locate a bottle if you are in the garage.
Find a laptop if in the office.
Search for a banana if you are in the workshop.
Find a banana if in the kitchen.
Look for a dog once you have successfully reached the garden.
Go to the living room if you can locate a cup.
Search for a person if you are in the dining room.
Find a laptop if you are in the office.
Look for a teddy bear if in the bedroom.
Search for a refrigerator if you are located in the kitchen.
Head to the workshop if you can locate an apple.
Look for a person if currently located in the living room.
Search for a cup if you are standing in the kitchen.
Find a bottle once if you are placed in the garage.
Go to the dining room if you are able to locate a bowl.
Search for a laptop in case you are in the office.
Head to the bedroom if you can see a teddy bear.
Find a refrigerator if you are in the kitchen.
If you can see an apple go to the workshop.
If you can go to the living room successfully find a person.
Search for a bottle once you've reached the garage successfully.
Head to the dining room after trying to locate a bowlbut only if you find the bowl.
Find a laptop if you are in the office.
Go to the living room if you can see a person.
Look for a cup in case you are in the kitchen.
Can you please look for a cup and if you find it navigate to the kitchen?
Can you try to check if there is a bottle around and if yes go to the office?
Go to the dining room if yuo can locate a bowl.
Search for a banana if you are in the office.
Look for a teddy bear after if currently in the bedroom.
Find a refrigerator once you've reached the kitchen. If you don't make it to the kitchen do not look for it.
Search for an apple if in the kitchen.
Go to the living room and if you make it there contunue to the kitchen.
Look for a cup if you can not find a bottle. 
Can you find a banana for me? But only if you already are in the kitchen. 
Please head to the kitchen after you get to the office successfully.
Can you look for a banana but first look for an apple please that is more important. So if you do find the apple look for the banana. 
I would appreciate it if you could look for a laptop if yuo are in the office.
Before heading to the kitchen please stop by the office. Only keep going to the kitchen if you arrive at the office.
Can you check for a teddy-bear if you are in the bedroom? 
If you are not busy at the moment please try to find a banana if you are in the kitchen.
I need you to find a bottle in case you are in the garage. 
Go and look for a bowl I believe it is in the dining room. So if you are there look for it. 
Please search for a cup if in the living room. 
Once you've time and anyways are in the kitchen see if there's an apple there.
Before anything else can you locate a person if located in the workshop?
Find a cat if in the bedroom.
Check if there is a dog. If yes go to the garden. 
See if there's a refrigerator if you are in the garage.
Locate a banana in the kitchen. 
Find a bottle if you are in the dining room.
Start searching for a laptop if you are in the office.
If you can find a teddy-bear can you go to the bedroom?
First look for a bowl. If you find it go to the kitchen. 
Go and see if there's a cat if yes go to the living room.