Search for a teddy bear if you're in the garden and can see a bottle.
Find a laptop if you're in the office and you can see a banana.
Head to the bedroom if you can see a cup and are currently home.
Go to the bedroom and if you reach it and can see a refrigerator look for a dog.
Locate a cup if you successfully can navigate to the bedroom and can see an apple.
Search for a bowl if you are in the dining room and can see a person.
Find a refrigerator if you are in the kitchen and can see a banana.
Look for a teddy bear if you are in the garden and can see a cat.
Locate a laptop. If you find it and are in the office then go home.
Find a cup if you are in the bedroom and can see an apple.
Look for a bowl if you are in the dining room and can see a bottle.
If you can find a refrigerator and see a cup go to the kitchen after.
Find the refrigerator if you can see a bottle and are in the dining room.
Find a teddy bear if you're in the garage and can see a laptop.
Head to the garden if you can see a dog and have a bottle with you.
Locate a person. If you see it and you are in the living room go to the dining room.
Find a banana if you are in the workshop and can see a person.
Go to the office if you are able to locate a laptop and can see a teddy bear.
Search for a bowl if you can see a cat and are in the living room.
If you can see a cup go to the kitchen after and find a banana.
Make sure you find a person if you are in the living room and can see a laptop.
Head to the bedroom if you can find a person and see a teddy bear.
Search for a bottle if you can see the refrigerator and are in the kitchen.
Go to the garden if you can see a dog and find a teddy bear.
Search for an apple. If you see it and are in the garden look for a bowl.
Locate the laptop if you can go to the office successfully and see a banana.
Search for an apple if you can find a bowl and are in the kitchen.
Find a cup. If it is not here go to the kitchen and look for a banana.
Go to the garden. If you arrive look for a dog and see a teddy bear.
Search for a bottle after if you cannot find the refrigerator and are in the dining room.
Search for a bottle if you successfully can locate the refrigerator and are in the kitchen.
Proceed to the office. If arriving look for the laptop and see a teddy bear.
Look for a bowl. In case it is not there look for a cat and are in the living room.
Head to the kitchen if you can see a cup and find a banana.
Ensure you find a person. If you do go to the living room and look for a cup.
Proceed to the bedroom if you cannot find a person but are at home.
Find a bottle. If it is there look for the refrigerator and see a laptop.
Try to find a dog if you are in the garden and can see a cat.
Search for an apple if you found a bowl and are in the dining room.
Go to the office if you can locate the laptop and see a teddy bear.
Find a cup if you are in the kitchen and can see an apple.
Search for a bowl if you are in the dining room and can see a cup.
Go to the workshop if you find a banana and can see a bottle.
Look for a person. Only enter the living room if you find the person and can see a laptop.
Head to the bedroom if you can find a cup and see a banana.
Locate a bottle if you are in the garage and can see a cat.
Find a laptop if in the office and can see a teddy bear.
Search for a banana if you are in the workshop and can see a laptop.
Find a banana if in the kitchen and can see a cup.
Look for a dog once you have successfully reached the garden and can see a bowl.
Go to the living room if you can locate a cup and see a person.
Search for a person if you are in the dining room and can see a cup.
Find a laptop if you are in the office and can see a cat.
Look for a teddy bear if in the bedroom and can see a person.
Search for a refrigerator if you are located in the kitchen and can see a cup.
Head to the workshop if you can locate an apple and can see a banana.
Look for a person if currently located in the living room and can see a bowl.
Search for a cup if you are standing in the kitchen and can see a laptop.
Find a bottle once if you are placed in the garage and can see a dog.
Go to the dining room if you are able to locate a bowl and can see a teddy bear.
Search for a laptop in case you are in the office and see a banana.
Head to the bedroom if you can see a teddy bear and are currently in the living room.
Find a refrigerator if you are in the kitchen and can see a bottle.
If you can see an apple and are in the workshop search for a bowl.
If you can go to the living room successfully and see a person then search for a laptop.
Search for a bottle once you've reached the garage successfully and if there and the bottle is there find a cat.
Head to the dining room after trying to locate a bowl. If both successful search for a cup.
Find a laptop if you are in the office and see a teddy bear.
Go to the living room if you can see a person and currently home.
Look for a cup in case you are in the kitchen and can see an apple.
Can you please look for a cup and if you find it in the living room navigate to the kitchen?
Can you try to check if there is a bottle around and if yes and you are in the office find a laptop?
Go to the dining room if you can locate a bowl and you are home.
Search for a banana if you are in the office and see a teddy bear.
Look for a teddy bear if currently in the bedroom and able to see a bowl.
Find a refrigerator once you've reached the kitchen and have found the bottle.
Search for an apple if in the kitchen able to see a cup.
Go to the living room and if you make it there and there is no person continue to the kitchen.
Look for a cup if you cannot find a bottle and are in the dining room.
Can you find a banana for me? But only if you already are in the kitchen and can locate a teddy bear.
Please head to the kitchen after you get to the office successfully and you located a bowl.
Can you look for a banana but first if you can find an apple and are in the dining room?
I would appreciate it if you could look for a laptop if you are in the office and can see a bowl.
Before heading to the kitchen please stop by the office. Only keep going to the kitchen if you find a cup there.
Can you check for a teddy-bear if you are in the bedroom can see a dog?
If you are not busy at the moment please try to find a banana if you are in the kitchen and can locate a dog.
I need you to find a bottle in case you are in the garage have found a refrigerator.
Go and look for a bowl I believe it is in the dining room and if you find it and still are in the dining room look for a cup.
Please search for a cup if in the living room able to see a banana.
Once you've time and anyway are in the kitchen see if there's an apple there. If it is find a bottle.
Before anything else can you locate a person if in the workshop and able to see a banana?
Find a cat if in the bedroom and if there is a teddy bear there.
Check if there is a dog. If yes and you are in the garden find a bowl.
See if there's a refrigerator if you are in the garage and if yes then locate a bowl.
Locate a banana if in the kitchen and if there is an apple.
Find a bottle if you are in the dining room and you can see a cup.
Start searching for a laptop if you are in the office and see a banana.
If you can find a teddy-bear and are in the bedroom look for a cup.
First look for a bowl. If you find it and are in the kitchen locate a teddy bear.
Go and see if there's a cat if yes and you are in the living room and then look for a person.